Revert "feat(): added stress test on server" (#312)
adorsys/didcomm-mediator-rs: docs/stess-test.md

# **Stress Testing and Failure Simulation Report**

### Test Overview

> The purpose of these tests was to simulate high-load scenarios and potential failure conditions to assess the system’s resilience. The tests involved sending a large number of concurrent requests to the DIDComm mediator server and analyzing its performance, response times, and error rates under increasing load. Additionally, server recovery was evaluated by deliberately introducing failures during high-traffic scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of these tests was to simulate high-load scenarios and potential failure conditions to evaluate the system's resilience. The tests involved sending a large number of concurrent requests to the DIDComm mediator server and analyzing its performance, response times, and error rates under increasing load. Additionally, server recovery was evaluated by deliberately introducing failures during high-traffic scenarios.
```
